c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\XamarinZumoTestiOS.exe
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\XamarinZumoTestiOS.pdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.iOS.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.pdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.iOS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\XamarinZumoTestiOS.exe
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\obj\iPhone\Debug\XamarinZumoTestiOS.pdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\XamarinZumoTestiOS.exe.config
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.dll.mdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.pdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.iOS\bin\iPhone\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
