c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.pdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\obj\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\obj\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\obj\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.pdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\obj\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.csproj.App.config
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.dll.config
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
