c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.Droid.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.Droid.pdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.Droid.apk
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.pdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.Droid.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.Droid.pdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\XamarinZumoTest.Droid.apk
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.Droid.dll.config
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinZumoTest.dll.mdb
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\king\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\King\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
C:\Users\King\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.pdb
C:\Users\King\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.pdb
C:\Users\King\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
C:\Users\King\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll.mdb
C:\Users\King\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest\XamarinZumoTest.Droid\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll.mdb
